README.md, before:

# Cheat Sheets for Kerbal Space Program

This is a collection of cheat sheets for the game [Kerbal Space Program](http://kerbalspaceprogram.com/) developed by SQUAD.

The Delta-v maps are based on work by WAC and Kowgan on the [Kerbal Space Program Forums](http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com) as well as the [Kerbal Space Program community on Reddit](http://reddit.com/r/kerbalspaceprogram)

The font used is called Aller and can be downloaded on [FontSquirrel](http://www.fontsquirrel.com/fonts/aller).

This work is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/).

### You are free to:

__Share__ — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format

__Adapt__ — remix, transform, and build upon the material
The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.

### Under the following terms:

__Attribution__ — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.

__NonCommercial__ — You may not use the material for commercial purposes.

__ShareAlike__ — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.
No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.

Commit message:

Add hints on Inkscape to README

README.md, after:

# Cheat Sheets for Kerbal Space Program

This is a collection of cheat sheets for the game [Kerbal Space Program](http://kerbalspaceprogram.com/) developed by SQUAD.

The Delta-v maps are based on work by WAC and Kowgan on the [Kerbal Space Program Forums](http://forum.kerbalspaceprogram.com) as well as the [Kerbal Space Program community on Reddit](http://reddit.com/r/kerbalspaceprogram)

The font used is called Aller and can be downloaded on [FontSquirrel](http://www.fontsquirrel.com/fonts/aller).

The documents are [Inkscape](http://inkscape.org) SVG files. Some of the features of Inkscape SVGs might not be available to your browser or vector graphics editor. Notably this seems to be justified flow text boxes, which will not be visible if you open the files in your browser to look at them. If you want to contribute to this project, you should install the Aller font and Inkscape. Both are free.

This work is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/).

### You are free to:

__Share__ — copy and redistribute the material in any medium or format

__Adapt__ — remix, transform, and build upon the material
The licensor cannot revoke these freedoms as long as you follow the license terms.

### Under the following terms:

__Attribution__ — You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use.

__NonCommercial__ — You may not use the material for commercial purposes.

__ShareAlike__ — If you remix, transform, or build upon the material, you must distribute your contributions under the same license as the original.
No additional restrictions — You may not apply legal terms or technological measures that legally restrict others from doing anything the license permits.
